Kdump support (#1596)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: README.md

For a list of what is collected, see the logdog [command list](sources/logdog/src/log_request.rs).

### Kdump Support

Bottlerocket provides support to collect kernel crash dumps whenever the system kernel panics.
Once this happens, both the dmesg log and vmcore dump are stored at `/var/log/kdump`, and the system reboots.

> There area few important caveats about the provided kdump support:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few important caveats about the provided kdump support:
```

* Currently, only vmware variants have kdump support enabled

> * The system kernel will reserve 256M for the crash kernel, only when the host has at least 2GB of memory; the reserved space won't be available for processes running in the host

Reviewer 2: Nit. I would change 256M to 256MB to be consistent with "at least 2GB of memory".

For a list of what is collected, see the logdog [command list](sources/logdog/src/log_request.rs).

### Kdump Support

Bottlerocket provides support to collect kernel crash dumps whenever the system kernel panics.
Like other Linux distributions, Bottlerocket uses the system kernel as the crash kernel to keep the image size small.

> Unlike other distros, Bottlerocket doesn't require a separate initfamfs file to load the crash kernel.

Reviewer: I'd prefer to omit these; there's not a lot of value in comparing our implementation to other distros.

Once the system panics, both the dmesg log and vmcore dump are stored at `/var/log/kdump`.
The following pages are excluded from the collected vmcore dump:

* Pages filled with zero
* Non-private cache pages
* All cache pages
* User process data pages

> * Free pages

Reviewer: This also seems like too much information.

There area few important caveats about the provided kdump support:

* The system kernel will reserve 256M for the crash kernel, only when the host has at least 2GB of memory; the reserved space won't be available for processes running in the host
* The crash kernel will only be loaded when the `crashkernel` parameter is present in the kernel's cmdline and if there is memory reserved for it
* For the time being, only the vmware and aws-dev variants have kdump support enabled

> * For the time being, variants built for aarch64 and that use the 5.4 kernel will use the `kexec_load` syscall instead of the newer `kexec_file_load` syscall

Reviewer: I'd omit both of these notes; we don't talk much about the `*-dev` variants elsewhere.

We could say "Currently, only vmware variants have kdump support enabled."
